
### Garreg mach monestery 
Garreg Mach Sitting in the center of the Oghma mountains, Garreg Mach watches over all of Fodlan. As the center of the Church of Seiros, the Monastery is a beacon of hope for miles around. Garreg Mach refers not only to the Monastery itself, but also of the surrounding town. It is full of many of the best craftsmen, scholars, and bards from all throughout Fodlan. Built on large, tiered platforms, with the upper levels housing many of the religious elite, and lowest levels being home to farmers who worked the rivers between the mountains. People from all walks of life could find a home in Garreg Mach. As the centerpoint of the Church, the Empire is careful to keep a close eye on the area. 

### The Officer's Academy
Stationed in Garreg Mach Monastery, the Officer's Academy serves to cultivate generations of capable leaders. While nobles and commoners alike can attend, nobles occupy a large portion of the student body, as the tuition fees can be expensive. If you can graduate from the Academy, however, you are practically set for life, as few would refuse to hire someone with that level of proven skills. The Officer's Academy focuses on life skills, as opposed to subjects like math and history, which students are expected to already know. Students learn combat, leadership, tactics, and governance at their time in the Academy, and the course is difficult but rewarding. The students are separated into four houses based on where they're from. The Black Eagles for the Empire, the Green Pegasus for the kingdom of aveloria, the Blue Lions for the Kingdom, and the Golden Deer for the Alliance. Students can switch houses with the approval of their house's homeroom teacher and the teacher of the house they intend to join.

### Abyss
Underneath Garreg Mach lies ruins and tunnels older than the Monastery itself. The caverns of Abyss have been home to fugitives and criminals for centuries. While the Church has always been aware of its existence, it has tolerated their presence so that Abyss could serve to preserve the Church in the event of a catastrophe. Abyss is something of an "open secret", talking about it casually is taboo, but knowledge of it isn't anything special. Entrances to Abyss, however, are more closely guarded. Seemingly hundreds exist, but the few that are more common knowledge are heavily guarded. Abyss also serves as preservation of history. While the Church commonly bans books with controversial topics, they are against the destruction of knowledge, and thus keep the "Dark Library" within Abyss. Getting into the library is not too difficult, but the most dangerous of the books are kept hidden behind dangerous traps, and books cannot be taken out. The current head of Abyss is a man named Yuri Leclerc, also referred to as "The Savage Mockingbird", with a sharp tongue and even sharper wit, he's one of the few people who can bring order to the ruffians of the criminal underworld that is Abyss. While a dangerous man to upset, the Lord of Abyss is known to take care of his people. Supplies run scarce, and while Abyss may be huge, only small portions of it are safe to inhabit.